so high and this to you I show you how
you can make your own clay bar for your
hamster you need ordinary clay you can
buy this clay in handy crafts shops
costs for 10 kilograms
you have to buy you have to pay 8 9
euros or $7 and this year
this is 1.2 kilograms so you have to pay
for this one dollar or 1 euro it's not
other one one to make one bowers not
very expensive so we start with the
basic layout of your door and it's
important that you create you borrow in
one piece I just like to have a long
entrance and this is the room where my
hamsters would live so clay the clay is
very sensible it's it's like like
chocolate later when it's hard so it can
be broken very easy so it must have it
must be thick thick enough so it
wouldn't break so so easy and therefore
this year is approximately 2 yeah a
little bit less than 2 inch high or 2
centimeters thick and yes ok this is the
basic layout for my verbosity hamsters I
need 5 centimeter for entrance this is
exactly 5 centimeters you know so
damn okay let's start so you are
modeling the entrance first so it should
have should be after after modeling
approximately one centimeter high or one
inch shy so that's okay and this is the
entrance and this is the living room so
we are put the clade more to the middle
so on the sides here it's approximately
one centimeter high or one inch and so
it's middle it's getting the size is
increasing so so with the fingers
I am forming now the dome and take care
that the entrance here is like on an
igloo so okay and don't models
besides you if you press the size than
the size of your power would getting
larger and larger only only press here
on this in the middle so you are getting
this sphere here looks very nice
what you can do is to is to this is an
ordinary entrance and what you can also
do is an entrance which is going which
is going down like this year does my
house does does entrance my hamsters
long so you can decide by yourself which
kind or entrances you would like to
model so and my hamsters like to close
this this exit maybe this is better for
for hamsters to close to close the door
here so after many hours when the clay
is hard I don't want to wait so long
then you can easily use a knife and cut
here and yes cut here an opening and it
must be you don't have to make this this
opening very very can have also here you
can see some some waves in size or some
curls so when you put this when you put
this from your label I will tell you so
it's not hard when you put this from
from your cable and would like to add
this later
and that minutes when when when it's
when it's curved so you can set and find
out how to put this on again later
and yes I think that's all no you have
to wait for approximately three days or
so then it's hard and then you can put
this into your hamster cage and my
hamsters loftus power let's have a look
at two finished cages cages opposed mmm
there's it's Wendy's bow and you can see
the power is about one and a half inch
or yes four centimeters above the ground
and I was putting this tubes under the
bow so my hamsters can dig inside and
why dairy should have my neck should can
dig inside because here you can see
Samsung is still inside and it was
closing his exit so no one can disturb
the Samsung and another important thing
is I the exit is in one corner of your
cages
it's not going to the middle of the cage
I think this is the best position for
you okay bye